No, we don't get this back. So I went to
the Katar World Cup for example for a
week. Felt completely safe. There was no
hooliganism whatsoever.
>> That's not the same as as the extre
don't mention that. Don't mention that.
Good things, anything good happens,
don't bring it back to Islam. Anything
bad, it's Islam. You bloody
>> I think it's unfair to a whole How many
Muslims are in the world? 1.4 billion.
Are we really suggesting that 1.4
billion Muslims are all potential
extremists? Because I don't get that
sense of the Muslims I know in London. I
walk down my high street in London.
There are Muslims running all sorts of
different businesses.
noise.
>> Patrick sounds like Hitler. Like he's
trying to convince him like, you know,
the Jews. Yeah, we're saying that the
Jews. Yeah, we get rid of them. You
know, they're like this and like that.
We get rid of you. Sound like bloody
Hitler, mate.
Everything you own from your clothes to
your car to your wife or your husband is
going to forget you and move on and be
replaced the moment you die. That's why
Allah says,
"You are busy with the world affairs
until you visit the graves." Brothers
and sisters, masid Norway, the one that
we built, is looking to another masjid
around the area of Norway, subhan Allah,
where there's so many Muslims that do
not have somewhere to pray. This mas is
only $500,000. And any donation that you
give will go towards your because when
you enter that grave, nobody's going to
remember you except Allah subhanaa tala.
So make it count, brothers and sisters.
And believe me, if every single one of
us give1, £10, £100, £1,000, that's
going to be something you will never
regret on your makyama and everything
that you lose is going to perish and go.
But your deeds on your makyama and not
donate to the link. Let's get to the
video
brothers and sisters and dear friends in
my country. They say the the stone that
you least expect to cause harm can crack
somebody's head. Well, in a nutshell, uh
Pierers Morgan has done that. The
unexpected stone has done something
positive for once. Uh and we're not
going to forget what he did with the
whole Gaza situation. Never ever.
There's nothing he can do. Nothing he
can do that will redeem himself. But
let's watch this video. So in this
video, guys, Patrick David, the absolute
dirt bag scumbag, Subhan Allah, who is
an enemy of Islam, is there trying to
vilify Islam and he's going to get
debunked. Not only that guys, we've got
an amazing new podcast show coming uh
set up similar to the PBD written
backwards DB DBP the Dow Bros podcast
which we're going to be talking about
doubts and etc. Whatever it is that's
going to be coming soon we have amazing
guest Dow brothers around the world in
let's get straight into this video cuz
it gets interesting. Let's see what he
had to say. The absolute weasel.
>> If you look at this number, this is
estimated Muslim population in UK by
percentage from 83 till today. I'm sure
you've seen this half a million 83 1%
and then it crack 1 million and 97 14
years later and then 2 million and a 4
million and a 4.5 some say 5 million
today 67% of the population do you think
this growth the way it's going right now
getting to 10 20 30% do you think it is
a good idea to keep allowing people to
come in to combine the Islam way of
thinking what their ideas are and
coexist with the western ideology
>> well I think this certainly there are
issues which are serious um to be
considered for example it's been
reported there are as many as
potentially 85 unofficial Sharia courts
in the UK now which are not operating
under UK law they're operating in their
own law for their own communities. That
clearly is not a good thing.
>> Stop there for a second. Number one, in
this very interesting spot, they take
Islamist barbaric and all this kind of
stuff in Islamic lands when the
Christians and the Jews would live under
our rule when we dominated the world,
the Christians and the Jew Jews had
their own legislation and their own
courts and that was totally allowed in
Islamic law. So much so it was
encouraged that subhan Allah when some
of the Jews that came to the prophet
Muhammad peace be upon him, the prophet
sent them back to a scripture and he
said, "Why do you not read the Torah?
What does it say in your scripture? Yes.
So, Islam allowed for them to have their
legislation, their own laws in their own
areas. They were protected. If they were
attacked, they'll be protected. And not
only that, what happened to democracy?
Patrick David, you You absolute
ignoramis. You emotionally,
intellectually bankrupt, coward. What
happened to democracy if dem
democratically Muslims are voting? And
not only that, it's not just birth
rates. Do you know how many people are
coming to Islam in our da table alone?
Subhan Allah. Imagine people coming to
Islam. What is your problem? If they
choose Islam and they vote for the
Sharia law, what is your problem? What
happened to the democratic way of doing
things? If people choose, what's your
problem? You're hypocrite. Cuz you are
strategically consistent, not morally.
Let's get back to it. Inshallah.
>> Country like the UK. So, we have a lot
of Muslims who live in in the UK. We've
always been a very multicultural, very
tolerant place. The vast majority of
Muslims living in the UK have
assimilated perfectly well and live
perfectly peaceful and lives which
contribute to society. And then you see
the quite disturbing spectacle of
protests say in London uh during the
Israel Hamas war where people are
brazenly supporting Hamas in these
protests and you know Hamas is a
prescribed terror group in the United
Kingdom. That should be not happening.
The sweeping migration much of it coming
from countries that have been at war
whether it's Syria, Iraq or wherever it
may be.
>> Hold on a second. First number one um
where's your numbers that the
overwhelming majority of people out
there were supporting Hamas or whatever
in the under the UN charter you have
right to support the resistance this
doesn't necessarily mean that's Hamas so
number two number number one number two
you're talking about they were from
Hamas who you talking about if there
were some people out there who were
doing that how does that what's that got
to Islam there is many people who are
there who are Christians who are Jews
who are Jews who their parents have been
Holocaust survivors who are people from
all backgrounds that are not even Muslim
some of them Pro, what's that got to do
with Islam?
>> Um, but you've had millions and millions
and millions of people deposed from
their homes or fleeing wartorrn
situations and sweeping across the
continent of Europe and wanting a better
life for their family, which I which I
completely understand. But it has got
unsustainable.
>> If you ask uh uh the Muslim Council of
Britain, it will say that 75% of Muslims
in Britain have assimilated and see
themselves as Brits. I'm a Brit. I
consider myself proud Brit as well, but
25% don't, depending on the numbers you
look at. How would Winston Churchill
today, would Winston Churchill be
tolerant with the borders? Would he be
like, "Yeah, it's okay. Let him come
in." No. Would he handle the threat?
Think about how his wiring was. This is
your world. What do you think he would
have done today?
>> I think he'd have been tough. I think
he'd have been very I think he'd be very
protective of our borders in a way very
protective against the threat of Nazism
to our way of life. Church done. What do
you think he would have done?
>> I think he What would he have done?
>> Seriously, what do you ask the question?
What would church do? What would church
do? I mean, he's talking about somebody
who has, you know, caused the Bangal
famine in India and starved hundreds of
thousands, not millions of people. Yes.
Who done many atrocities, okay, around
the world. So, he's like, what will
Churchill do? What will church do? cuz
he knows the British people when it
comes to church. What would church do?
What would church will do? Yes. What are
you trying to say he's going to do? So
what's what's you see how he's inciting
violence indirectly? How he's inciting
violence and he doesn't like the numbers
that the I think the council of Islamic
council of Europe or whatever it is said
75% of Muslim have integrated and cross
British. He doesn't like that. He's like
no yes I'm a Muslim first before I'm a
British respect. I am a Muslim first
before I'm British or whatever you want
to call me. I don't care. My religion
comes before anything. Yes. So you can
see how he's slightly inciting violence.
But let's let's carry on.
>> Just think his profile.
>> I don't think right now he would have
put the clamps down on more people
coming.
>> Would he have we have would he have sent
anybody back from the 7% that came here?
How would he have treated some of the
criminals? How would he have treated us
with a knife? Some of the stuff that's
going on.
>> So I would say he certainly wouldn't
have just picked out the Muslim
community. We have a lot of different
religious nationalities living in the
UK. I don't think he would have singled
out Muslims. I think what he would have
taken a more pragmatic view and gone we
have too many people in this country
now. There's too much pressure on our
public services. Some people are going
to have to leave. And I I don't know why
they look so tough on the French. You've
got to do a deal with the French on
this. You got to say, "Look, sorry.
You're letting all these people get on
these boats. Once they're once they're
at sea, there's hardly any way to stop
them."
>> Interesting because majority of the
migrants that are coming to the UK, if
I'm Indian and Chinese, okay, if I'm if
I'm And then he talks about knife crime.
Islam has a direct solution to your
knife crime. A direct solution. Let's be
honest with you, the Sharia or we
believe in capital punishment. Innocent
people being stabbed. Yes. Innocent
people, be they Muslim, Christian,
atheist, whatever they are, being
stabbed on the roads. What's your
solution? Send them to prison. Hot food,
hot shower, hot bed. Yes. Everything is
nice and hot. Yes. And they're going to
come out and go back. I wonder why they
want to go back in prison. I wonder
repeating repeat repeat offenders. You
have no solution. Islam is your
solution. That's the funny thing. You
are thirsty for Islam. Patrick Pet. Yes.
You're a pet. That's what you are. Not
pet. You're a pet.
>> Would you be okay with a Muslim uh prime
minister of UK?
>> Yeah.
>> You' be okay. That would do.
>> Absolutely.
>> Yeah. See, that's your concern isn't
that at all.
>> No, not at all. No, listen. I don't want
to radicalize Muslim running the
country. I don't want to radicalize
anything running the country. You know,
there's a lot of radicalized elements of
all religions, of all nationalities. Do
I think we have a particular problem in
the UK of radicalized Muslims? I'm not
convinced by that. I think there are
radicalized Muslims and clearly the
Muslim population is rising
exponentially fast compared to other
population. So, we are going to have to
look at this and say, well, what do we
do about this going forward in a way
that you don't look like you're just,
you know, picking on people because of
their Muslim faith?
>> I I uh Pers Morgan at least he's
consistent to a certain degree here
first time ever. He is considered with
the whole Russia Israel thing.
Definitely not hypocrisy like I said
before and nothing he's going to do is
redeem himself but he's consistent
Muslim man I don't care because at least
he's consistent with his worldview.
>> I respect the tolerance that you have of
what could happen to Brit long term
because I think sometimes when you're in
it uh and it's grad like you know the
whole thing about you put a a frog in a
boiling water and you boil it slowly
slowly slowly slowly slowly slowly and
then boom he's dead it's too late right?
I think sometime when people are in it
they're like yeah it's you know it's
okay with this it's okay with that it's
okay with this. I think UK's Freud would
be intolerant and it' be interesting to
see who would rise up and want to do
something about it.
>> Do you see the words? Yes. He compares a
frog an innocent animal boiling water
danger Islam frog is the British
population or western population what
you want to and if he's slowly slowly
cooking. So Islam is slowly slowly
cooking and he says who's going to stand
up and do something about it. Do you see
how he's inciting violence? This guy is
a Zionist bastard. He's a scum of earth.
Okay, you can see how he's trying to
incite violence. You know why? Because
Zionism has been exposed to such a
degree, the whole world has woken up and
now they're trying to bring back
Islamophobia. It's not going to work.
Those days those days are over. Hhabibi,
those days are over. Let's carry on.
>> A lot of Muslim countries. I've been in
Saudi Arabia. I've been in the
extremist. It's not a
>> No, exactly. It's my point though. But
but also they have zero tolerance of
people wanting to operate under their
own laws when they go to those countries
for example. So the whole debate about
Sharia law and so on, you know, I can
understand why a lot of Brits get
exercised about that because if I went
to Saudi Arabia or Qatar or somewhere
and decided I would ignore the country's
laws and operate under my own laws while
I was there, you wouldn't get away with
be okay with that. Why would you be okay
with that?
>> Well, I wouldn't.
>> No, no, but what I'm saying is so if you
were okay with somebody who's a Muslim
to become a prime minister and then say
they're the noble one, right? You know,
and they're coming in, they actually
love Britain, but it opens it up and an
extremist like I did and then they come
in and they say, "Shar, what are you
going to do about it?" Then what?
Because you're making it a step ahead.
>> Yeah. But I don't think you can you
can't t the entire Muslim population
with the brush of potential extremism in
the same way that
>> why is the Sharia extreme? I don't
understand why is the Sharia class as
extreme. It is a solution to your
problem. Sharia law is looking after
your neighbors. Sharia law is being good
to the parents not throwing them in care
homes. Yes, Sharia law is giving in
charity. Sharia law is enjoying good and
evil. If you see a harmful object on the
road, it's picking up. Sharia law is
dealing with the criminals the way you
should deal with criminals. Yes. Not at
the expense of the victims. Yes. And
give them a nice cozy place. No. Sharia
deals with the matter at its core, at
its roots. Yes. Okay. Get rid of
gambling. Get rid of pornography. Get
rid of um sexualizing women. Sexual
objectifying women. Get rid of alcohol.
The biggest poison on earth. Get rid of
drugs. Yes. Make society whole again.
You get Christian extremists in America.
You commit the boring atrocities. I
don't assume that every Christian I'm a
Christian. I don't assume that every
Christian in America is a potential
extremist. I just think it's there's got
to be the two. You're comparing the two.
>> No. You're comparing the two. What do
you mean? You know what? There is no
comparison. He's right. There is no
comparison. What the Christians have
done in history, the Muslims have never
done. The way the Christians massacred,
ate people, cannibalism, eating people's
flesh, Jews and Muslims. Yes, the
crusaders. And what they done and
massacred men, women, and children.
Muslims, we've never done that. I'll
make it very clear for you. Islam and
the Western liberal world, yes, they are
two opposites. Okay? Islam and the West
are incompatible. They are two separate
worlds. Islam has a moral high ground
here. Not like the western world. The
western world with this atrocities that
is committed across the globe. Yes. Tell
me when Muslims have invaded Muslim
general Muslim armies have invaded the
land. Still the wealth has killed men,
women should massacre them etc for the
resource etc. Where? Tell us where.
Where do you see the crown jewels in
Mecca and all the wealth that's been
stolen when the Islamic Empire ruled the
countries? Why is it not back in Mecca?
Because wherever is it enriched that
place so look at him speaking and say oh
how are they the same thing you absolute
Christian fundamentalism and
extremism is far worse they have no
mercy on no one
>> extremism is extremism isn't it it's the
same isn't it
>> it is no I think extremism is extremism
to me that's not the part of it but when
you look at the percentage of who was
like for example in America you remember
the story about the Japanese when they
went to the world cup
>> what were they doing afterwards at the
end of the game they were cleaning up
the arena every like what are they doing
here
>> that's all we do in Japan
>> so would I want a thousand Japanese
neighbors yes they are their people.
They raise kids. They go and work. They
They don't hate America. They don't get
up there and, you know, commit to
terrorism. You don't hear stories like
that from them. They just go and do
their part, right?
>> What an absolute what an absolute dirt
bag. This guy is unbelievable. So, he's
basically saying, "We Muslims, my
friend, every week in your country,
United States, there is a mass shooting
by a white man. A white man. Okay? He's
doing the mass shooting. Either he's a
Christian, either he's an atheist,
either he's a KKK, either whatever he
is, every single week there's a mass
shooting. Not only that, not domestic
violence. Okay. Terrorism. Then you've
got your country that you live in. You
You're a bloody immigrant. Yeah. You
flipping immigrant. Yes. Who've gone and
bombed so many countries and killed
millions of Muslims. And we're the
terrorists. You flipping You are
a You're a coward. That's why you
don't have Muslims in your show. You get
annihilated intellectually.
>> No, we don't get this back. So I went to
the Katar World Cup for example for a
week. Felt completely safe. There was no
hooliganism whatsoever.
>> That's not the same as as the extremist
don't mention that. Don't mention that's
good things. Anything good happens don't
bring it back to Islam. Anything bad,
it's Islam. You bloody
>> No, I agree. I agree. But again, I think
every there's extremists everywhere
attached to all different groups. And I
would say that I like the way the Middle
East has been opening up in the last
decade. I think it's exciting. It's
dynamic. You know, I said to Cristiano
Ronaldo uh in Rio that his home there.
One thing he said, it just feels really
safe and it feels like it's opening up
in a way that's good for families and
everything else. And I I think that's
great. I don't like the tinge of you're
all potential extremists until you prove
otherwise.
>> No, because I think it's unfair to a
whole How many Muslims are in the world?
1.4 billion. You know, I'll be really
suggesting that 1.4 billion Muslims are
all potential extremists because I don't
get that sense of the Muslims I know in
London. I walk down my high street in
London, there are Muslims running all
sorts of different businesses. And I was
like, they're not.
>> Well, I mean, I got to give it to Pers
there. I got to give it to him. You
know, this guy's he sounds like Hitler.
Patrick sounds like Hitler. Like he's
trying to convince him like, you know,
the Jews. Yeah. We're saying about the
Jews. Yeah. We need to get rid of them.
You know, they're like this and like
that that we get rid. You sound like
bloody Hitler, mate. You sound like
bloody Hitler. Subhan Allah. Yes. At
least someone's got consistency and some
sense. Let's watch this last clip.
Inshallah.
>> We look at immigrants that come to
America. What percentage of them are on
Snap the most? Have you seen this chart?
>> No.
>> Food stamps or ethnicity?
>> 45.6% of immigrants from Afghanistan are
on Snap.
>> 42.4 from Somalia. 35% from Iraq. So why
are we inviting more from Afghanistan?
Somalia. I mean, I would I need to study
this in more depth, but certainly the
Afghanistan, Somalia, Iraqi. I mean,
these are
>> Let's think about it, guys. Afghanistan,
Iraq, and Somalia.
What comes to mind? Oh, yeah. America
invaded them. Oh, yeah. America killed
over 1 million people in Iraq and half a
million in Afghanistan. There was
weapons of mass destruction.
They couldn't find any, did they? Oh,
they've come now to America. The
chickens have come to roost. H to ring a
bell. Maybe if you don't invade other
people's countries and take their
resources, they won't need to come to
yours and your dead food stamps. Yeah.
With your dead American food that I went
and ate. Disgusting food. It's it's
something that's edible. It's not
nutritional.
>> People I imagine predominantly who have
fled war torn countries. So they by
definition when they come to America,
you're going to be impoverished.
>> Yeah. But but you know when America was
founded, it's about getting the best to
come over here. Right.
>> You fled for a more place. Right. So
take
>> Exactly. Bro, what a hypocrite. You came
from a war torn country. Yeah, but let
me in, but don't let them in. Oh, bro,
you can't make this stuff up. What a
morgan owned him.
>> Iraq, for example, I when I was editor
of the Daily Mirror in the UK, I opposed
the Iraq war before, during, and after
it. Cost me my job in the end. Yeah.
After 10 years running the newspaper,
but I think I was vindicated by by what
happened afterwards. That war was fought
on the false pretext that Saddam was
saying on weapons of mass destruction.
They never found them. So, and also
there was this kind of subliminal we
need to respond to 911. We can take out
Saddam. I never saw that connection. It
seemed to me completely wrong. So I look
at Iraqis right who who were displaced
by a war which many people including me
would say was an illegal war in their
country that caused utter devastation
and they come to someone like United
States which has been the home of for
people like that ever since its
inception and it's lorded around the
world for that for being a place that
you can come to right from places like
that but is there not a particular duty
of care maybe I don't think there is but
it is there not duty of care do people
who come from a war torn place like Iraq
where the United States along with the
UK and other countries wage that war in
my view completely wrongly in a way that
caused their displacement cause them to
lose their homes maybe lose their loved
ones and they come here for a better
life but when they get here they have
nothing. Now, that may explain some of
those numbers. I don't know. But
certainly in that case, you got to
think, well, okay, they're the ones who
are getting the SNAP benefits. Okay,
what is the correlation between the ones
who were displaced because of the
actions of the United States and the UK,
the other allies of fought the Iraq war
on their presence here in the United
States? And is there a duty to care
towards them? I don't think we should
lose in the mix of all this a compassion
towards genuine asylum seekers,
particularly from countries ravaged by
wars which we may have been complicit in
starting for in my opinion on a false
pretext.
>> Cloud for that. Pierers Morgan, credit
when credit's due, but don't forget we
don't forget before what got happened to
Gaza. Don't forget that.
>> Yeah. I I think that is a I would sit
there again. I would sit down and I
would say if we're looking at anybody
that's coming in, if we cost some of
this, let's see what we can do about it.
Of course, somebody in America could
say, "Well, you cost cause all of it."
Right? Okay, no problem. But if you're
coming to America and you hate America,
I have no tolerance for you. And by the
way, the argument is some people in
America are like, "We don't want anybody
else to come in here. This is plenty."
Right? There are people that I've met on
the podcast that wouldn't even want me
to be here right now. They're like, you
know, you got lucky getting in here.
It's their argument. They have the right
How wrong is that?
>> I I I will tell you like so if
somebody's born in America and they're
kind of like look man yeah maybe we got
lucky with you path but we got a lot of
ones that came through and we didn't get
lucky with that hate America.
>> I would add the caveat of the Iraq
caveat which is if you go and bomb a
country and you destroy people's lives.
I do think a country like the United
States most prosperous country in the
world does have a duty of care to bring
some of those people into his country as
it has done with the Iraqi community.
>> What if that's a royal screw- up on
another administration that you never
agree with them because Trump doesn't
agree with Bush. So maybe he's saying I
didn't do that. Bush did that. That
wasn't my doing. I'm changing it.
You can't make this up. You go and bomb
their country, kill one million people,
and then you blame them for and and if
there's any evidence that they come and
they hate you, etc., which is uh
nonsense. They might have some hatred
towards what American government done,
but I don't think they're going to take
on the Americans. And again, even if
they hate you, whose fault is that who
went and bombed innocent people? You
did. It's like me going
punch punch someone in the face. And
then when he's angry at me, I'm like,
yeah, why you angry at me? Can't make
this stuff up, guys. He got absolutely
decimated intellectually got destroyed,
humiliated, embarrassed and uh yeah good
but like I said moment we do not forgive
you for what you did for Gaza just cuz
you spoke and had some here brothers and
sisters until next time.
Do not forget to donate to the Islam
brother sisters to support for you guys.